feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/656883980318048fb11a6e3b.md

---
id: 656883980318048fb11a6e3b
title: Step 20
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

Now, remove the indentation and see what happens to the output.

# --hints--

> You should remove the indentation from your `print(i)` line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should remove the indentation from the line where you call `print(i)`.
```
